Um, I've been lost at sea once, which was pretty day. I'm going to say.
What.
Happened two years ago? Um,
I was in Mexico and I was with friends and I was, I was, I was so angry.
I hated the guy so badly. What happened? So I jumped into water.
What's a friend of mine.
I've never Spearfish before and went in the water
spirit. No, no, he never did anything. He's just like, oh,
I want to look around and see what are you doing? And then I see the boat,
the water it's pretty deep. Oh, you can't see the bottom. And then the boat,
the bowl started going like further and further and further and further and
further. And my friend is like, oh, what's going on? I'm like nothing, nothing.
And I'm like, okay,
we're going to start swimming from the shore right now for the shore. Yeah,
for sure. So start swimming. It was like, it would have been doable.
What was it? I don't know. Maybe a good like five miles maybe.
Shore was, was fine.
It was far, it was like, I would have done it.
It was definitely been after Darwin reached the shore.
So I'm trying not to panic. My heart is like pounding in my chest.
I can feel it in my throat. It's dripping weight, drifting away for no reason.
And some legs in charge of the boat did the captain that we hired.
That was American actually. What'd.
He do just start drinking and not paying attention to you. I.
Oh wait. And then it were stocks. I told my friend Akilah swim.
We swam for about an hour, an hour and a half. And then a boat passes by.
So I started screaming and yelling and I had my Bruie.
Luckily I was swimming it and it passed next to me and it wave at me like, hi.
I'm like, no, no, no. I'm like how, how, how I go, come kill him nuts.
And then the boat stuff. And they pick us up and I tried to explain,
and my completely nexus in Spanish that we've been straining at sea.
And so I'm like on the boat is like right there super far away.
And they drop us to the boat. The guy is asking me for money. I'm like,
I'm lost at sea. My wetsuit thing. I'm carrying freaking.
Like took you to the boat is asking you for money. Now.
They got the guy that pick me up. He was asking me for money for tip,
for rescuing me in the middle of the ocean. I was like, sorry,
I don't have tip in my panties right now. But thank you for saving my life.
And then you drop us to the boat. And then we get to the boat.
And the guy's like, oh, I didn't put enough gas in a boat. Oops.
I'm like, what? So.
He ran out of gas.
I guess.
So you were, he would never been able to get you home.
It was so bad.
And then we managed to the coast guard came and they tried to build a boat.
And he started telling to the coast guard to like go screwed himself. Because,
because I don't want to pay for this. You owe a bunch of. I'm like,
can you stop talking right now? Oh my God.
And you literally insulted him so badly. The coast guard left.
Did they take you with them now?
That was still in a boat with my friends ever drinking or understanding what was
going on? Like, why are you so mad? And like, just, just keep drinking.
So how'd get back. And then he managed to find full reception.
And he called the cousin of his wife as his neighbor of this and that to come
tow-in he arrive like about an hour and a half later,
I got back to shore and the guy's like, oh, so what time are you going tomorrow?
I'm like, screw you. I'm leaving. I'm never going.
I'm only going tomorrow. What a delusional,
I know you almost died. And I left you in the ocean and I didn't have any gas.
And I told the coast guard to go off.
Ever see you ever again. And we get to the car and my friend is like, oh,
I give him like a hundred dollars and tip, is that enough? I'm like,
you did what you said what now? At
my heroes. And, uh, yeah. So save as it was. Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that the scariest thing that's ever happened to you in the water besides the
tiger shark?
Yeah, definitely. For sure.
Was there anything else like that that really freaked me out that should freak
you out? Five miles is a long way to swim,
especially if you don't swim distance all the time.
Did you have any flotation device or anything.
About that? Big and we were too.
I was more scared because it was about like 4 25.
So the sun was getting down really quickly.
We'll see where the shore is.
Now. I mean, we're delights. Yes, but it's more,
I was more freaked about like sharks or things like that.
And when it's dark and it's.
So.
I, I had moment in spearfishing. That was a little bit freaky.
I also had a blackout last year, so yeah,
that's the biggest danger of spearfishing is actually blacking out.
It's not sharks. It's not getting bitten by anything. Yeah.
So basically what happens is that you dive down and then when you come to the
surface, if you stay too long, um, your,
your longs on your way to surface going to expand back and then your original
volume of air that you have left in your, and your lungs and becomes really,
really small.
So then the presenters becomes too low and then you pass out what becomes too
low.
The percentage, percentage.
Of oxygen in your lungs become too small. And then you just pass out.
So basically you brains shuts down to make sure that a lack of oxygen is not
creating any permanent damages. Oh, what.
A 16. It's.
Actually kind of sport.
Mom that time.
But then that's what happens with people is that when it come back up, if you,
buddy's not watching you, and that's why our spit fishing is a team sport.
If they're not watching you, if you pass out in the water,
what if they pass out to you gonna sink right down?
You both do it at the same time.
Well, normally, well, the,
the good system to dive is one person dives at a bottom.
The person is watching the other one. And then it's one up one down, one up,
one down. And then you, you, you, you watch each other's back.
Is that what happened with you?
Yeah, it was actually very lucky. Um, uh, the, the guy that was diving with me,
um, lost his brother a few years before Joe blackout.
So he was looking at me very, very closely. And I'm was,
I was beyond grateful. See his face at a surface. I knew it.
I knew it was going to blackout. So how'd, you know.
You're going to black out because.
It was, I drove down and I was aiming at a fish. It was pretty deep.
It was at like 85 feet and aim for a fish. It wasn't a pole spirit.
She wasn't in a gun and I missed it and I started choosing it in water and then
I miss it again and it was like, God it. And then I realized, I was like, well,
what am I actually pretty deep? And I've been there for quite a while.
So I started panicking a little bit. So then when you panic,
you let hear even more, which is completely stupid. And then I started finning,
finning, finning. And then you have, um, you started doing, uh,
finning, spinning, um, fitting, uh,
when we have you wear fins.
Can you finish kicking, kicking? Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
And then what happens first before you blackout is you have a loss of motor
control. So I could start feeling,
I could feel like my body making like weird movements.
And then I knew that it was out of oxygen.
And then I knew that I would probably most probably going to pass out. Wow.
And then I came back, I came back and then I saw them,
my friend who was watching. And I was like, oh,
I really hope you watching you hope you're really watching.
And he grabbed me and then he woke me up and it was, how.
Far were you from the surface? And you blacked out.
I blacked out a surface. Oh, at the surface,
which is why it's called a shallow water blackout.
Cause even if you're in deeper water, it,
most of the time it happens at the surface.
So when you got to the surface, what did he have to do to wake you up?
Oh, you have to take the mask off.
You have to keep the head of the water and then you have to blow in the eyes
because you have a high concentration of nerves. You slapped a little bit,
not too hard. Call the person's name.
And then you don't really wake up pretty, pretty fast. Unless you inhale water.
What did you, was it like you had a dream, like if you get choked out,
like one of the things that happens when you get choked out is you wake up.
It's like, you're dreaming. Like, whoa, whoa. I was at a disco.
I was riding my skateboard. Like it's weird. I've never.
Been choked out to the point of passing out.
I would imagine similar though.
But yeah, I missed out long in a few, a few minutes and I was just,
wasn't sure what was going on. And then you just,
you just done for the day when it happens, but.
Yeah, you have to be done. Huh?
It's yeah. For the, the risk of getting another one the same day,
it's actually very hard.
Wow. So once you shut off, you get shut off again. So you have.
To wait at least the following day to get back into, want to.
Jump back in the next day. Yeah.
I think I did. It was the day after.
I really want to go back in the water as soon as possible.
Just to jump back on the horse. Yeah.
So at night I was a little bit stressed out and my friend gave me some freedom
and it was fun.
Oh, that's tough.
That's I used to think that stuff that create them was, um,
I didn't think it was a drug. I thought it was a mild stimulant.
I heard that people take it for pain,
but I thought that when they're taking it for pain,
that they're not getting high. They're just taking it in alleviates pain,
like Advil or something like that. And then I took,
I think I took eight of them eight or 10, which is a lot.
Cause I know Chris bell takes like 10.
Oh, but it's like, it's a pill. Yeah. Okay. I took it in powder mixed with like.
Yeah, this is just the powder in pill form. And I was high as.
And I was like, oh, okay. Now I know why people are nervous about this stuff.
I mean, do you ever, do you get approached by sharks.
And The Bahamas? Yeah. And The Bahamas they're pretty much always.
There's a guy who just got bit in Texas. He got bit by a bull shark.
And now he has flesh eating bacteria. That's destroying his leg.
Apparently this flesh eating bacteria in the water.
We don't need to Google that. It's pretty, pretty disgusting.
I got pretty bad encounters with sharks. What happened?
My worst one was in Tampa, Ashley, something super easy.
It was in 15 feet of water.
And that's actually the dangerous pit fishing is when you start getting cocky
and you say like, oh, water shallow is fine. We don't have to watch the Tutter.
Everybody's doing their own thing, which is really bad.
Definitely never do this. I got my lesson break time and I was,
I shot a little fish. So I clip it to the back of my gun.
And then this tiger shark come in and I'm like, Ooh, tiger shark.
They a little bit. They can't be aggressive. Yeah.
They're not the nicest one you want to, you want to show up.
And then he was a junior juvenile one. It was still a good,
like seven feet long, seven yet about seven feet long.
But it was young. And the young son read the one that you don't trust,
the big old shark, you know, they wiser,
they know they check you out and things like that.
But a young ones had one a little bit crazy.
So they going to go more towards you.
And they're going to go try to do like curious bites,
which is Mo what happens most of the time, which tried? Why is this acute spike
in? So the, the, the shark is in front of me and he's charging me.
What is mouth open? So I would my gun I'm, I'm poking it.
I'm poking lady eyes. I'm poking the gills and booking knows.
I'm trying to poke everything. That's going to hurt him as much as I can.
And I'm not very strong, especially in the water.
So I'm really trying to like bang his fricking gun as much as hard as I could in
his face. And he doesn't back down.
He keeps like circling and he keeps coming in for me.
And at some point I'm like, okay, like something I'm going to have a shoot.
It hoping that that, you know,
I'm not going to miss because if I missed and it's the only thing between me and
the shark.
And then you're poking it with the tip.
Yeah. I'm just pulling in with a tip and then you roll his eyes back. Oh.
Which is when they, they ready. They're ready to bite. And I'm like, oh.
I'm like, I'm, I'm dying. And I'm like, okay, well, whatever, you know?
So I'm like, I'm like, okay, I'm,
I'm going to try to aim and try to see if I can shoot it.
And then my friend arrive, he's like, oh, I heard you screaming. What's up.
You have a fish. I'm like, uh, there's a tiger. Shy behind you buddy.
And he's like, oh crap. He was like, buy from Felix and Montreal.
I was like 17 year old at the time.
And you've never rarely Spearfish. It was his first time you're seeing a shark.
I promise his parents that would bring him back in one piece. I'm like,
I'm like, okay. I'm like, don't panic. Everything is fine.
How deep is the water? Like 15 feet of water. It was so shallow. So I'm like,
put your back against mine and then cover your half. And if he comes to colder,
spoke it and a shy came in a couple of times. And then because we were too,
he was like, eh, whatever. And he just left. He didn't like that,
that he was outnumbered. And I'm like, wow. So when I was alone with a shark,
it was screaming in a water.
And I was like calling my friends for help and nobody could hear me.
And then we went back to the boat.
The water, how far away can people hear you?
Not, not too, not too.
Far. 10 feet, 15 feet.
So I depends on the wave again and the winds and everything like that,
but nobody could definitely hear me. Then I went, got, get back on the boat.
And my friend,
I see my friends swimming towards the boat and he screamed tiger shark.
I'm like, no dumb. I'd be like screaming for your help. But I was half an hour.
And then you get to the boat. Then we left and the shark was like circling.
It was like, Ooh, that was really scary. But, and that situation again,
if I had shut the shark to, to save myself,
it's I would have got the worst publicity ever.
It's it's I just, at this one thing I don't understand.
That happened where sharks became something that are protected in the public
eye,
because was it the governor of New York that killed that shark?
When he was, uh, fishing somewhat with the governor, the mayor,
one of those guys was, uh, was sport fishing, caught a shark.
And was it the governor Cuomo.
The shy fishing boat.
They're edible. I've had Maaco shark in restaurants before,
but something happened. Something changed.
I think it was when there was all this awareness about, um, shark,
fin soup. Yeah. There it is. Andrew Cuomo.
He caught 154 pound thresher shark and everybody freaked the out.
One it's one.
They realized that the Asians were catching millions a day to make sure to make
fence suit.
Yeah. So it became, instead of it being something that was just another fish,
then it became something that's protected and people with a very shallow
understanding of what a shark is. We're freaking out about it. Yeah.
Exactly. It's the Asians need it for everybody else.
How dare you be careful today. Say that, especially with crazy rich Asians,
number one in the box office.